README.md, before:

# Information Stealers Wall of Sheep (IS-WOS)

Similar to DEF CON's Wall of Sheep, but for information stealers and keyloggers that mostly operate over SMTP and FTP. Families include AgentTesla, HawkEye, Phoenix, AspireLogger, and Orion Logger. Only unique hashes are considered.

![image](https://github.com/ditekshen/is-wos/raw/master/img/dashboard_snapshot_20200131.jpg)

## Observations

- AgentTesla is the most used information stealer.
- Operators utilize samples from different information stealer families.
- Operators share passwords across multiple samples, families, and exfiltration accounts.
- Most abused network for exfiltration is PDR (AS394695). HawkEye samples seem to favor NameCheap, Inc. (AS22612), which happens to be the second most abused network.
- Although plaintext SMTP was used for the majority of exfiltration across the families, almost all families used SMTPS for encrypted exfiltration.
- SMTP, FTP, and HTTP exfiltration was observed by some families, separately. For example, AgentTesla was observed to use SMTP, FTP and HTTP, and HawkEye was observed to use SMTP and FTP.
- Some samples employed timestopming on the compilation timestamp, some of which were static.
- Some samples used a non-standard SMTP destination port 26 as a means of evasion.
- None of the binaries was signed.

## How to Use

Assuming Elasticsearch and Kibana are installed and ready to ingest data:

1. To properly generate geo-location and ASN information, make sure you have up-to-date (free) MaxMind databases:

    GeoLite2-ASN.mmdb, GeoLite2-City.mmdb, and GeoLite2-Country.mmdb stored in the "ingest-geoip" plugin/ingest pipeline directory, for example:

    ```
    /usr/share/elasticsearch/modules/ingest-geoip/GeoLite2-ASN.mmdb
    /usr/share/elasticsearch/modules/ingest-geoip/GeoLite2-City.mmdb
    /usr/share/elasticsearch/modules/ingest-geoip/GeoLite2-Country.mmdb
    ```

2. Select "Machine Learning" from Kibana's sidebar. This is availble in the free "Basic" Elastic Stack subscriptions and is enabled by default.
3. Click "Upload file" under "Import data", and then select or drag the is-wos.ndjson file.
4. In the resulting sampling page, under "Override settings" ensure that the "Time field" is set to "observed", and then click "Import".
5. Add a name for the index and create the index pattern if it does not exist or this is first time the data is being imported.
5. In the "Import data" page, select "Advanced" and perform the following:
   - Copy the contents of the is-wos-mappings.json into the "Mappings" field replacing the existing one.
   - Copy the contents of the is-wos-ingest-pipeline.json into the "Ingest pipeline" field replacing the existing one.
6. Click "Import".

At this stage, the data should be imported and ready for search and visualization.

## To-Do

- Create an ECS-compliant field mappings.
- Create standard visualiztions and dashboard.

Commit message:

Add new herd, sheep and yara rules

README.md, after:

# Information Stealers Wall of Sheep (IS-WOS)

Similar to DEF CON's Wall of Sheep, but for information stealers and keyloggers that mostly operate over SMTP and FTP. Families include AgentTesla, HawkEye, Phoenix, AspireLogger, and Orion Logger. Only unique hashes are considered.

![image](https://github.com/ditekshen/is-wos/raw/master/img/dashboard_snapshot_20200207.jpg)

## Observations

- AgentTesla is the most used information stealer.
- Operators utilize samples from different information stealer families.
- Operators share passwords across multiple samples, families, and exfiltration accounts.
- Most abused network for exfiltration is PDR (AS394695). HawkEye samples seem to favor NameCheap, Inc. (AS22612), which happens to be the second most abused network.
- Although plaintext SMTP was used for the majority of exfiltration across the families, almost all families used SMTPS for encrypted exfiltration.
- SMTP, FTP, and HTTP exfiltration was observed by some families, separately. For example, AgentTesla was observed to use SMTP, FTP and HTTP, and HawkEye was observed to use SMTP and FTP.
- Some samples employed timestopming on the compilation timestamp, some of which were static.
- Some samples used a non-standard SMTP destination port 26 as a means of evasion.
- None of the binaries was signed.

## Yara Rules

Yara rules can be used for detection when investigating processes and memory dumps.

## How to Use

Assuming Elasticsearch and Kibana are installed and ready to ingest data:

1. To properly generate geo-location and ASN information, make sure you have up-to-date (free) MaxMind databases:

    GeoLite2-ASN.mmdb, GeoLite2-City.mmdb, and GeoLite2-Country.mmdb stored in the "ingest-geoip" plugin/ingest pipeline directory, for example:

    ```
    /usr/share/elasticsearch/modules/ingest-geoip/GeoLite2-ASN.mmdb
    /usr/share/elasticsearch/modules/ingest-geoip/GeoLite2-City.mmdb
    /usr/share/elasticsearch/modules/ingest-geoip/GeoLite2-Country.mmdb
    ```

2. Select "Machine Learning" from Kibana's sidebar. This is availble in the free "Basic" Elastic Stack subscriptions and is enabled by default.
3. Click "Upload file" under "Import data", and then select or drag the is-wos-data.ndjson file.
4. In the resulting sampling page, under "Override settings" ensure that the "Time field" is set to "observed", and then click "Import".
5. Add a name for the index and create the index pattern if it does not exist or this is first time the data is being imported.
5. In the "Import data" page, select "Advanced" and perform the following:
   - Copy the contents of the is-wos-mappings.json into the "Mappings" field replacing the existing one.
   - Copy the contents of the is-wos-ingest-pipeline.json into the "Ingest pipeline" field replacing the existing one.
6. Click "Import".

At this stage, the data should be imported and ready for search and visualization.

## To-Do

- Create an ECS-compliant field mappings.
- Create standard visualiztions and dashboard.
